SYNR-1393 add link to System Dependencies article (#237)
Sage-Bionetworks/synapser: README.Rmd

## Installation

> `synapser` is available as a ready-built package for Microsoft Windows and Mac OSX. For Linux systems, it is available to install from source. Please also checkout our [System Dependencies article](articles/systemDependencies.html) for instructions on how to install system dependencies on Linux environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`synapser` is available as a ready-built package for Microsoft Windows and Mac OSX. For Linux systems, it is available to install from source. Please also check out our [System Dependencies article](articles/systemDependencies.html) for instructions on how to install system dependencies on Linux environments.
```
